[gunshot]
Eat this, pal!
You're defenseless
under my counterattack.
Yes, I was right! F.F.!
Why is she
at the Discipline Cell?
[F.F. gasps]
[guard grunts]
It's a disc.
-[yells]
-Pale Snake is here somewhere!
Shit! Where is he?
[F.F.] No way!
He's who threw it.
Monster!
Are you trying to tell me
that Pale Snake is really...
I knew it!
You are Father Pucchi.
["STONE OCEAN"
by ichigo playing]
[narrator]
The thing F.F. feared most
was not their body vanishing.
Rather, what they found
most frightening of all
was potentially losing
their intellect
and being unable to
get it back.
[F.F.] I remember everything
since the day I met Jolyne
on the farm.
It's still so clear, it might
as well have been yesterday.
The weird scribbles
on the public phones.
The fluffed-up blankets
on the bed,
the stink of the trash.
The guards screaming
and yelling.
The sound of the doors
opening and closing.
Hearing the toilet flushing
all day long.
I even remember all
those silly talks
with Jolyne and everyone else,
laughing hysterically.
But still, even though I live
at the farm for many years,
I don't remember
anything from before that.
All I can pull from that time
are robotic thoughts,
almost like recordings.
I simply followed orders.
And my task was
to protect Pale Snake's discs
without knowing
or even asking why.
I finally understand now
that living is more
than just being alive.
It means making memories.
If I lose that,
I'll lose everything.
Jolyne takes all these actions
on behalf of her dad,
and risks her life to
help Ermes
and the few other people
she trusts.
Because she has pleasant
memories from living her life.
That's the remarkable thing
about humans.
Their memories
gives their cells courage.
The knowledge that I am F.F.,
I've never had that
in the past.
That's it.
I know it.
That... That is
what intellect is.
What's it going to be?
Am I your utmost priority?
Or is it more important
to snuff out D an' G's life
-to try and save Jolyne's?
-[D an' G grunts]
[gasps]
[grunts]
You hesitated. It's too late!
That moment
will cost your life.
[yells]
[F.F. groans]
[chokes]
Do you even know why you have
your intellect and powers?
Because I gave them to you.
And now I'm taking them back.
[F.F.] When I need to kick up
my courage,
I think about Jolyne.
Those very things are memories.
And this... this is intellect.
-[Father Pucchi gasps]
-[D an' G yells]
What? What the hell?
[grunts, groans]
[Father Pucchi]
It couldn't be...
What on Earth did F.F. just do?
[screams]
[grunts]
[D an' G] Pale...[Father Pucchi]
She infused him
with her own body fluids.
No! I can't believe it!
[dramatic music playing]
[YA-YA MA snorts]
I am a...
[Anastasia] Well, well,
it seems F.F. pulled it off.
They killed the User
like they said they would.
[gasps]
There's nothing inside the pod!
[breathes heavily]
[suspenseful music playing]
-[gasps]
-[wings flapping]
[gasps]
What the hell is that?
Does this mean
that thing was born?
[Jolyne] Is this
what Pale Snake's
been after the whole time?
Oh, my god! What is it?
What purpose
was it conceived to serve?
And why does it need
to be here specifically?
Were the prisoners turned
into plants
just so this thing
can finally be born?
And what's even weirder is
I stop becoming a plant
because it was born.
But I guess
it doesn't matter anymore.
[both gasp]
Don't you dare
let F.F. get away from you!
Retrieve her disc,
and read every memory on it.
Locate the whereabouts
of that thing
born from Dio's bone
and then go track it down.
[F.F.] I'm totally exposed,
I may not even last
30 seconds out there.
I need water. I have to find
a way to get back to Jolyne
and tell her
who Pale Snake really is.
[engine rumbling]
Dammit!
She needs to know
it's Father Pucchi,
the freaking chaplain!
[gasps]
Let me guess!You're thirsty a
nd trying to go
to the tap out front.
Well,
before you hurry off, dear,
wait as I have quite an
important question to ask you.
[F.F. grunts]
Sorry, gotta go!
But here's my answer!
[grunts]
[shatters]
[F.F. screams in pain]
[gunshot]
[F.F. yells, grunts]
[yells]
[whimpers]
Now, about that question
I wanted to ask you, F.F.
Well, are you listening to me?
Tell me the truth, I'm curious.
Did you happen
to get a good look
at the miracle that was just
born in the Discipline Cells?
What kind of organism was it?
Was it animal or plant?
And was it beautiful?
You tell me something.
What's a priest like you
doing at this prison?
I'm sure it isn't
for anything noble.
Hush! I'm the one who's asking
the questions. Thank you!
You see! If I simply take
your memories and read them,
I would know the nature
of what was born immediately.
[F.F. gasps]
However, I would much rather
hear your personal account
of it.
Because saying thing
such as "it was soft,"
or "it was a strange color,"
or "it was lovely,"
are your
self-generated thoughts,
and not the memories actually
embedded within your disc.
I get it.
You're worried that thing
is gonna run away
and disappear, huh?
And you would lose it forever.
Huh? What are you saying?
It's already moved?
[F.F.] Maybe! Who knows?
To be honest, you should be
way more worried about it
being killed, much less moved.
Actually, I take that back,
it might be dead already.
I mean the guy Jolyne
is with is kind of a dick.
I know he'd kill it
if he thought it was dangerous.
Killing it is
not only difficult,
it's quite impossible.
There is no way!
It possesses far too
much power
and strength to fall prey
to that.
It's indestructible.
My concern is that
Jolyne will get sidetracked
to do something rash
and lose sight of it.
Only Jotaro's memories can
control what has been born.
That is what matters.
And I have those memories
in my clutches now.
We have finally come
to the point
where we're one step away.
What was his bodily form like?
Did it develop quickly?
Did it show response
to stimuli?
I thought if it hit the water,
it would drown.
Uh, what else?
Yeah, I don't quite remember.
Ugh, okay, well... It's...
She's stalling for time!
Quick! Behind you!
Ugh!
[F.F.] Hah, I did it!
Oh, by the way,
F.F.'s intellect,
its control tower's nowhere
near here.
It's that way!
Even better,
I've got water now!
Which means I can go
and tell Jolyne all of it.
[trilling]
Intellect, you say?
You're not the one who decides
where your intellect is.
These powers belong
to someone else.
In fact, it's the one
who graciously
gave you
your Stand power with a disc.
Me!
You sentient bag of
plankton! You're e
xplaining things to me You
sentient bag of plankton! You're
explaining things to me
with unearned triumph
and arrogance?
How dare you!
[grunts]
[groans]
[screams]
What's happening? My whole body
feels like it's burning away.
Something's wrong here.
Is this even water?
What the hell
is coming out of there?
[groans]
You, son of a...
Yes, of course it's water.
But it's boiling.
The highest temperature
all aquatic life on Earth
can withstand safely is
about 89.6 degrees Fahrenheit.
I have placed a different Stand
power that can boil water...
...conveniently into this one.
So I repeat myself.
I'm the only one who can decide
where your intellect is.
Any water you touch henceforth
is instantly and reliably
going to boil with your power.
[F.F. groans]
[screams in pain]
[groans]
[screams]
Jolyne!
[somber music playing]
[Anastasia] I don't see it!
Where did it fall in?
Ah, hell!
Could it have drowned?
[grunts]
No, look!
[both gasp]
Wait a minute!
That thing has will?
If it's running away,
that must mean...
[Jolyne] No!
It might just be moving
by sentient instinct.
I don't know if it's a plant or
what it is,
but I have to stop it now.
Because if Pale Snake gets a
hold of it, then we're fucked.
-[yells]
-No, Jolyne!
-[footsteps]
-[suspenseful music]
[grunts]
Stop, Jolyne! Wait! Don't move!
Look down at the rock
that's right by your foot.
[gasps]
[exhales]
[Anastasia] Listen!
Don't take another step.
Turn around and look at me.
[gasps]
It just rolled a bit
and became a boulder.
However, you, Jolyne.
Your size...
[grunts] No, wa
it! I said you can't
get too close to it, remember?
[both gasp]
Huh? Anastasia, look at you!
What happened to your height?
You're like so tiny now.
Ugh...
-Anastasia, talk to me!
-Try to calm down, Jolyne.
By the way, how big
is everything looking
from your perspective?
Uh, it's normal.
The same as earlier.
Hate to say,
it looks like the only one
who shrank was you, Anastasia.
What's going on?
[Anastasia] The baby looks
completely normal size
from where I am, too.
But only the rock
that turned over became small.
Listen to me!
Do not move from that spot.
Stay right where you are.
Hmm, you're back
to your own size.
I guess that means that's
what this baby's powers can do.
In other words, when
we get too close to the baby,
then boom, we shrink
to a fraction of our real size.
I really have no idea.
Those questions
are quite hard to answer.
Look! If I get half
this distance towards the baby,
my height accordingly
gets cut in half.
Then, of course,
I have to walk twice as far.
Uhm. Furthermore,
if I get
a quarter of the way to it,
then the walk distance is
multiplied by four.
Likewise, an eighth of the way
will make it
eight times farther.
[gasps softly]
One thirty-second.
One sixty-fourth.
One one hundred twenty-eighth.
If my body keeps
getting smaller,
then the distance
keeps multiplying.
-The big question is...
-[grunts]
Under these circumstances,
will we ever be able
to reach that baby?
I think by its very design,
the answer is no.
[ominous music playing]
No good! There's only one way
I'm gonna get
my dad's memories back.
That's keeping the baby
the hell away
from that asshole.
-Jolyne, no!
-Sorry, but I'm going.
We'll think about it
after getting as far as we can.
[Anastasia]
Concentration! That's it!
Jolyne's ability to concentrate
her focus on one thing.
I'm probably here because I was
attracted to that very quality.
Such focus makes her
even more beautiful.
Those eyes...
Some days, mark my words,
I'm going to have
those eyes look at me
with that same intensity.
[gasps]
Aahh...
[babbling]
Hmm.
[leaves rustling]
[Jolyne] Stone Ocean!
[grunts] Just a little more.
I know I can catch it.
No, you can't, Jolyne!
Hold your thread back now!
You're never going
to reach that baby,
so you've got to let it go.
I refuse to accept that. There
has to be an end. Come on!
It's right there!
[grunts]
Hey, what if I jump from right
here instead? That could work.
[gasps]
If I jump,
there's definitely an end.
And that's the ground.
End of story.
Watch.
I'm gonna land it just fine!
Jolyne, I beg you! Do not!
I'm almost there. The ground
is so close. I got this.
I'm just about to touch it.
Yes!
What?
My thread!
[gasps]
[munching]
Oh, now what?
What the hell is that?
[yells]
I'm not sure, but...
could that be
the green baby's Stand?
Dammit!
When am I gonna hit the ground?
[screams]
Shit! It's not just
getting bigger,
but it's getting stronger, too.
And it's twice as big now.
Oh, no! I think
this Stand came out
just so it could pull me in,
in order to not let me escape
from this world
that's falling down.
How do I get out of this?
Stone Ocean!
[grunts]
[Jolyne] Okay, this really
is the baby's power.
Then I'll just have to
catch the Stand.
Because that means
I've caught the User.
[grunts]
Ora!
[groans]
[yells]
No! Dammit!
I'm getting smaller.
I'm going to shrink down
into nothing.
The end wasn't the ground, it
was this Stand the whole time.
Huh?
Diver Drive.
[breathes heavily]
So, now we know the closer
you keep getting to the baby,
the smaller you'll become.
And before long,
eventually, you'll be nothing.
Alas, it seems this baby has
an invincible Stand.
We still don't know yet
why he was born.
But it will be an enemy
one day.
In fact, this baby, Jolyne,
will be your direct enemy.
But, wait a second!
If it's invincible,
shouldn't that mean...
all the more reason,
I can't let Pale Snake have it!
[Anastasia gasps]
[gasps]
Oh, shit! Anastasia, hold on!
[both grunt]
[Jolyne]
That baby threw the rock at us.
-Does this mean it thinks...
-[babbling]
...and knows how to reason?
Is it starting to recognize
its power
and figuring out how to use it?
[Anastasia] It's coming. Climb!
We're getting out of here
as fast as we can. Run!
[Jolyne yells]
[suspenseful music playing]
[stomping]
[gasps]
We could chase
that baby forever,
and it wouldn't matter because
we won't be able to reach it.
But at least, with this quick
detour, we captured the Stand.
Jolyne,
haven't you seen it yet?
Do you understand what
you and I just climb toward?
[gasps]
I know I took a risk.
But that baby has intellect
and curiosity. Clearly.
It touched the bottle
I threw at it earlier.
I saw that anything
it touches won't change size.
So this bottle is going
to stay exactly as it is now.
[gasps]
If we can't catch it by chasing
it, we'll force it to chase us.
We've gotten to the bottle.
And the Stand
is now inside of it.
Now, all we have to do is
make sure it can't get out.
Great! One thing, do you have
any idea how the fuck
we're supposed to get out
of here? Did you think of that?
[trilling]
I have Diver Drive hiding
in the bottle,
specifically inside its walls.
It's altering the mouth for us.
Now is our chance.
-[Jolyne grunts]
-Charge right in!
[growls]
[babbling]
[Anastasia] We've caught it.
We're safe!
The baby Stand won't be
able to get out from there.
[Jolyne gasps]
[Anastasia]
It's getting around by rolling.
Run! It's moving the bottle.
[grunts]
[yells]
Anastasia!
Stone Ocean!
Ora! No! Be c
areful
or you'll destroy the bottle.
It's worse to get captured
by it when it escapes!
[Anastasia]
Did it somehow calculate
that this was going to happen
and roll the bottle?
Dammit! How was this possible?
I
told you not to break
that bottle!
Come on! If it stay
s like this,
you're gonna...
[grunts]
Agh.
[gasps]
[breathes]
[Anastasia grunts]
[water splashing gently]
[gasps]
Anastasia, w-what had happened?
And why am I holding the baby?
For real, what's going on?
It seems this thing
is very interested
in the star-shaped birthmark
on your left shoulder.
I will even call it fixated.
Something about it touching you
has enabled us to return
to our original size.
-[breathes softly]
-[babbling]
And if you haven't noticed,
it has the same birthmark
in its shoulder, too.
[Anastasia] What is this thing?
Apparently, it's known
Jolyne since before.
Hey, so, uh,
I think this little goblin
might be getting kind of
attached to me.
Hm, what should I do?
[Anastasia]
It's bonding. Not good!
There's no doubt in due time,
this child will become
her enemy.
All I feel from this baby's
powers
is menace and
infinite darkness.
We might need this thing
to get back
your dad's disc
from Pale Snake,
and I know
how important that is.
But honestly,
we may have to kill it now.
["Distant Dreamer"
by Duffy playing]